it's time for another video by unbox
technology hey guys unbox technology
here and i'll be doing another unboxing
today and this is of the rocketfish
47-inch tripod so i told you i was we
get a tripod because my other one broke
and here it is so i'll be doing unboxing
a day of it alright so here we go this
has never been opened before actually i
think it was open once in the store
because because they want to make sure
it was all working and stuff i think
this was about seventy dollars it
includes a case i'm trying to one hand
there we go going to show you some of
the specs it's a carbon fiber tripod
ultra lightweight high quality carbon
tubes too stiff angle adjustment fast
and sturdy for maximum flexibility and
stability quick release plate so it's
pretty much very portable says you can
make it look like these three case
rubber and easily adjustable so that's
cool take that to the side and now here
comes so it comes in the case just make
it easier and let me see where the
opening is here it is so yeah it was
about seventy dollars maybe a little
more than he won't have the receipt on
me let's see this is a different one
what I than what I've been using my
other one that I got was I different
company this is my rocket fish all right
that's a good brand let's say so it
becomes just two things here's like
instructions and that's in the case
closed put that aside and I here's what
I want here is the good stuff it's um
let's see so sir here we go
hold on try this one hand not working
out so here we go alright so this
supposed to be very portable and very
lightweight so that's good i'll be using
this for all my videos for now on
hopefully this one actually works
alright so it is 12 in it's a one it's
one foot shorter than my other one so i
don't know if that will actually be a
big difference or not so first thing i
know is that's very easy to change that
I think this knob right here will
tighten them but that's good alright
let's see if I can take pull these off
pull it apart alright so i can it's
pretty easy to do and i'm guessing
there's a knob that can tighten that all
right let's see so yeah that's pretty
cool this is what it looks like and i
guess you can just pull that up and and
if justice right here because i'm using
a flip right now flip ultra HD it will
just sit on top of that so yeah it was
about seventy eighty dollars and I hear
it was great so I picked it up from my
local electronics store and yeah that's
pretty much it thanks for watching guys
this is a the unboxing of the rocketfish
47-inch tripod if you like to follow me
on Twitter my link will be below and if
you would like to buy this on Amazon the
link will also be below alright thanks
for watching guys